feat(genapi): add json body invalid troubleshooting (#4910)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/generative-apis/troubleshooting/fixing-common-issues.mdx

  - `15k` tokens context window on `H100` Instances
  - `128k` tokens context window on `H100-2` Instances

## 400: Bad Request - Invalid JSON body

### Cause

> - You provided a JSON body that does not follow [standard JSON structure](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc8259), therefore your request cannot be analyzed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You provided a JSON body that does not follow the [standard JSON structure](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc8259), therefore your request cannot be analyzed.
```

### Solution
- Verify the JSON body you send is valid:

>   - You can store your content in a file with `.json` extension (eg. named `file.json`), and open it with an IDE such as VSCode or Zed. Syntax errors should display if there are present.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - You can store your content in a file with the `.json` extension (eg. named `file.json`), and open it with an IDE such as VSCode or Zed. Syntax errors should display if there are any.
```
